hi everyone welcome to the video this
goes to be a review slash experiment
slash devil video of the latest Revlon
Colorstay ultimate suede lipstick often
is how the packaging looks like and this
particular shade is in ninety five
finale so I got this from the mail two
days ago and I just wanted to use it
right away to test it out and see if it
would become one of my most favorite red
lip colors ever although I'm very
addicted to like red lipsticks
this flight is often that's very well so
I really like that about this on the
color so a few minutes after application
it would feel very like um very sticky
like if you put your lips together if
you smack your lips together it would
feel very sticky this reminds me of the
thickness of the colors day liquid
lipstick which you know stays on the
lips all day long but yeah it it hasn't
it has it feeling like the very sticky
like it's creating a film on your lips
okay so I'm gonna wear this lip color to
school and I'm gonna test it out to see
how long it can hold up and how long it
would last hour minutes
okay so reviewing all the things that I
did in school today so I went out and
bought Milty so I dragged moti through a
straw and I noticed that the color that
came off when I was drinking through the
straw and then I ate a little snack I
smacked my lips a lot and I noticed that
I had to reapply the color on the center
lips or the center rim if that even
makes sense so I had to apply because
the inner part of my lips were like the
color was like running out already so I
had to reapply
so I touched a total of two times I
really like this shade which is number
95 in finale
I'd be like it because it's just a
beautiful shade of red like it's very
very vibrant so one more amazing thing
about this product is that it's kiss
proof so even if you kiss people around
it won't transfer now I'm trying to
remove the color by using my Shiseido um
lip and eye makeup you're over and you
can see it's kinda like and building up
it's very hard to remove you can see all
the flakes on here so that is the end of
my short review and demonstration on the
Revlon Colorstay ultimate suede lipstick
if you want to give your own ultimate
stupid lipstick just go to the
information box I'll have a link down
there then there's a link to an online
shopper and I got this lipstick from so
it's very trusted because they need like
um purchase red lip products directly
from CVS abroad and they bring it here
to the Philippines so if you buy this
from all this may cause a bit too much
but if you buy from that online shop you
can get it for a fraction of the price
but it's still offensive so you don't
have to be you don't have to worry about
getting like fake products and such
that's it for my video I hope you
enjoyed watching and I'll see you in the
next video bye